Well, good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
And to some of you, good morning, family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me again tonight.
I really appreciate y'all showing up every time and praying.
It means a lot to me.
We have work to do.
But as we see some of the news today, there was an earthquake in California today, my son was telling me, and I don't know if it was too big of one, but it's an earthquake and it was on the larger scale as you all can see maybe by this map.
And so I thought that was kind of interesting that it happened today as we see another vote going for a two-state solution on a very significant day, the eve of Rosh Hashanah.
England made a very strong stance for a two-state solution today, from what I understand, and the only nations that sided with Israel were, I think my wife told me, three.
It was a pretty clear stance, and the ones that were undecided, the number went down to like less than five or something.
The numbers were ridiculous.
I couldn't believe it.
Actually, Australia went with it.
Basically, everybody.
The United States is the lone ranger out here with, I think, three other nations, but they took the vote again today.
From what I understood, I was actually shocked by the level of support that voted for a two-state solution.
I told my wife, I said, 'Wow, you know, okay.
' But just like the Lord told us that as we enter into tomorrow, we would see the sheep and the goat nations and that a line would be drawn in the sand, and we would see the ones that will bless and the ones that will curse.
And we're seeing that unfold in front of our faces at an alarming rate.
So, do you have that article?
Do you have that thing from your mama?
I don't think so.
I've written Australia, Canada, and Portugal recognize a Palestinian state.
Yeah, son, but Mom had that chart, and it had each actual vote and who voted with what.
But if you can't find it, that's fine.
She's in there.
You just have to get it from her phone.
But she was telling me all that.
But I'll go over some of the things that we were shown, what I was shown in prayer last night.
I thought the visions last night, when the Lord was showing us about the AI and the new industrial revolution that was being displayed before me, were interesting.
Every single time he shows me something, it's at a different angle.
It adds to the puzzle, but it's at a different angle.
And I think that is, you know, to me, I just go, 'Lord, you're so awesome.
' The natural man perceiveth not the things of God.
You have to get it out of the spirit.
But whenever you're getting it and he's downloading things to you like he did to me last night, ladies and gentlemen, it was beautiful.
The colors and the visions when the Lord is speaking to me are so full of life.
You just see the colors and everything, and I try to grasp them as I'm on a live stream.
When I'm in my private time and we pray, I have time to focus on each one, and I pause and I just reflect, and I'm able to really just soak in and memorize that moment in my spirit and be able to tell my wife and my children what the Lord is showing us.
And when it's a live stream, because it's so public, I don't have that opportunity a lot of times because he doesn't let me park there.
That's why he tells me, 'Keep going.
Keep going.
' Because I'm just telling you what I'm hearing.
But I like to stop and soak in the moment, everything that I'm seeing, because the visions are beautiful to me.
They're precious.
I never just bypass them, but for the sake of time and what he's trying to do on these streams with you all is to warn you of what's coming.
And as we go into the 23rd in the next couple of hours here and we pray into the 23rd because I believe, you know, I believe Israel is already into the 23rd for sure by a long shot.
But, you know, I'm not attacking anybody's faith of where they're believing for the 23rd and the 24th that the rapture of the church would take place.
I pray you're all right.
You know, that'd be awesome.
But I believe that there'll be many of you that are disappointed in the next 48 hours.
And I don't want you to be down.
I don't want you to lose faith or lose heart in being weary in well-doing as you are still here.
And you'll probably be mad at me, saying, 'Brad, I don't want to hear this,' and wanting to click off.
I'm just being real with you.
I just want to prepare you that we still have some work to do.
I knew it, and I've tried to warn you as we're still here.
And wouldn't it be wonderful if he took us right now?
But I know what he's showed me.
I know what I'm called to tell you to pray and that there's going to be a great shaking to awaken the church, and that the church isn't ready.
The people aren't ready.
They're asleep; the vast majority of the church is asleep.
Yeah, we have a group of people, but you have, you know, even 100,000 people yesterday in a service with, you know, a couple million people watching on a live stream.
And a lot of people called that a revival.
And if that's a revival, I'm very disappointed.
There are over 8 billion people on this earth.
And it could be the beginning of revival.
I could see maybe just the first drops of rain falling.
But what is it going to take to get the people who are not even...
I watched the interview from one of the CNN reporters, and he was just belligerent in what he was saying against the church and the radical evangelicals.
The things that he was saying were so rude against the church, so blasphemous.
But he said, 'This is my right of free speech.
' And the things he was saying were poison.
And I watched it, and I was like, 'Wow.
' 'This is my truth' is what he kept saying.
'This is my truth.
This is my reality.
' And I thought, 'Well, sir, your reality and your truth—you're a toxic, evil individual.
' And I listened to it, and it was hard to swallow.
It was very...
I told Diana—we were watching—I said, 'This makes me boil inside.
This makes me boil inside.
' And I was like, 'You want to play some of it, show the worship?
' There was like two hours.
Let's listen to Don Lemon.
Okay.
Didn't know if it said Demon or Lemon.
Go ahead, Don.
And here is where we have to tell the truth here.
Okay, so here's the truth.
Don's going to break it down.
Here's the media.
Also, did you guys know people on the left, they don't know what just happened?
If you are in your little sandbox echo chamber of the left, you don't even know if that guy was Republican, Democrat, nothing.
There was a poll taken and like 10% actually knew.
Like, yeah, it was just this deranged Republican.
What we saw in that arena was not simply faith finding public expression.
Yeah, it really was.
When his wife got up there and said, 'I'm going to start crying now,' and said, 'I forgive him.
' Bring the tissue boxes.
I will have to say that is one thing...
you have him...
just separates.
That was a display of the truth.
'That is my truth.
This is my freedom of expression.
This is my First Amendment right to be able to tell you the truth from my point of view.
Not just from my point of view.
This is what it is.
' Talk some more, Don, so we could see who you are.
Oh, and the orange guy got skipped, honey.
The truth is Jesus says, 'By their fruit, you'll know.
' Go ahead, Don.
We'll take a look at your fruit.
'...
was religious nationalism on full display.
That is the truth.
That is my truth.
This is my freedom of expression.
This is...
' So, religious nationalism.
And so as you...
Am I muted?
Yeah.
Huh?
No.
No, you're not.
Okay.
So, religious nationalism.
Some of the things that the far left, these people are saying, are very toxic.
So, you listen to it and that's his truth, you know, and he's entitled to his truth.
And I'm not trying to rile everybody up, but I'm trying to tell you the great deception that is upon the world.
And these are the people that we're trying to reach for Jesus right now.
And I know there's a lot of people that are going to probably be disappointed tomorrow, is what I just know inside of what I'm hearing when I'm praying today.
There's going to be a lot of people that are going to be ready to give up tomorrow because you were so focused on the rapture of the church happening tomorrow, that it's going to be one of those—do not go into a slumber, a place of depression, and just be ready to give up and let go of the rope because you're weary and well-doing.
Don't become weary and well-doing.
Occupy until he comes.
Be vigilant.
Be aggressive about our faith of telling people that he's still coming, even if not in what you believed in your time frame as we go into tomorrow.
If we come to that road—and I'm telling you, I believe we will—but if you were so strong about it, and I know there's a lot of people that got so angry at me, but I've tried to warn you.
This is where I believe we are in the next 40 to 48 hours.
Don't give up on everything.
Keep standing.
Have that backbone like a crowbar.
Even if you don't see the results of what you thought you were going to see, don't give up.
Have that bulldog on a bone.
I'm fighting for what I believe: that Jesus Christ is coming, and he's coming back for me.
He's coming back for the glorious church.
But right now, I believe we're seeing the first fruits, the first little stuff here of the beginning of something major about to happen.
I told the Lord when I was in my prayer time this afternoon, I was just interceding and I was praying for the church and the state of the church because I know there's a lot of you that are very upset about things, and with all the things that are going on, and some of the people that I have personally talked to over the phone praying for certain things, and visions that I have seen, wanting more to the vision.
"God, show me more so I can help.
Show me more.
" And he said, "Go back to the main thing.
You never sought me for a vision.
You sought me for relationship.
And in relationship, the vision is shown.
" I've never sought him for healing gifts like that, or visions, or any kind of gifting.
Everything has always been purely out of just knowing that I've had learning problems, wasn't really able to do anything.
I've always been a man that has just been desperate for him.
And in my desperation for him has been a byproduct of a relationship of just seeking him with all my heart, because I was not ever able to pay my bills because I wasn't able to make a lot of money because I wasn't very smart.
And I said, "Father, I can't provide for this beautiful wife that I have, or these beautiful children that you've given me.
And I don't like living on food stamps.
I don't like living in a shotgun house in the roughest neighborhood in where I'm at.
But I know that if I seek you, I'll find you, and you're going to help me with my intellect to make me something more.
" And in that, I lost myself in him.
And I realized no matter how much I had around me, it never made me happy other than having a relationship with him.
So that's where it all developed.
It came out of desperation because I didn't know how to provide for my family.
But then everything else became so it didn't matter anymore.
I didn't care how much money I had in the bank because every day when I got home from work, I spent hours in prayer at my washing machine, doing laundry, helping my wife out.
I'd sit in there and just pray and take care of my puppies, and I'd listen, and I'd be still, and I'd worship.
And that's where it all developed from: a place of real desperation.
And as I developed and the more I became acquainted and the more I became friends with the Father, he would come and visit.
And I'm talking tangible to the point where I've had one face-to-face, flesh-to-flesh talking to him, and I thought I was going to die.
Everything else has been visions.
But my first physical encounter, I can tell you I thought I was going to die.
My human body could not take it.
It was so overwhelming, the visitation that I had, that even my wife when she came into the room, she thought I was dying because it scared her so bad.
She felt the presence of the Lord.
It scared her so bad in the natural that she started screaming.
She said, "Oh my God, are you going?
Is he taking you?
" I said, "Jesus is here, and I see him.
" And she says, "I can't see him, but I can feel him.
Please don't take my husband.
" She thought I was dying.
I was in a pile of tears and absolute fear of God.
The only thing I can tell you was it was so tangible that all I could do was just be on my face, and I was trying to just reach up and look at him because it was all I could do with the tangible presence of God in my house.
Where it happened, it left a crack in the floor.
And even still, as we left that house, I took pictures of that crack in the floor.
And I used to tell my kids, I said, "That crack in the floor is where Jesus stood, and it left a portal in my home.
" I cannot tell you how, but that portal, every time I went there and I prayed in that area, I could feel the presence of God tangibly on me.
And if I had hard times, I'd just go stand in that spot.
But I didn't tell anybody else about it because you get weirdness, you know, like a Mary, Mother, painted figure on the wall, and people want to come and have a shrine.
No, it was something private between me and my wife and my kids.
But that crack in that floor, it showed up after.
And I kid you not, I'll never forget that experience ever.
Neither will my wife.
You know, when you have an experience with Jesus, it will change you.
And yeah, your flesh, you go back, you can sin, you do things because we're just human.
But once you taste his glory, once you taste authentic, you'll never be the same.
It does something to you.
When you truly see his face, it does something to you.
It makes you radical.
I know the disciples, they got to spend those three years or so with him, and it made them radical.
I can't imagine waking up every morning and having him tangibly there, Jesus Christ alive in the flesh.
I had just about a five-minute encounter, if that.
That one moment changed me forever.
I have a lot of visions, y'all.
And it's developed out of a relationship, even with what I'm telling you about raising dogs from the dead and having manifestations of even the devil.
But that impartation that I got that day, my human vocabulary, even telling you right now, can't even do it justice.
And it's changed my wife and I.
It's changed us.
But I tell you all that to say, I know more.
I know when he comes and visits me, and he tells me there's more to be done.
I know more about what—I know it's like I say, I go more by what he doesn't say than what he does.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Because we talk that much during the day and things, and he tells me, "Brandon, you have this to do, you have this planned out, and I have given you a three-year window to bring forth my people and tell them that I'm coming.
" Yes, sir.
And the more I develop in the relationship, the relationship is no longer like a child talking to his father; it's more of an adult child.
It's different instructions now.
It's more like a commander-in-chief, like a boss.
Some days are intimate like they used to be, but more, it's more like a commander-in-chief talking to an employee.
And I don't say that disrespectfully.
It's different the way he speaks.
And I know it's business.
He has what he wants and he will get what he wants.
He is God.
There's no cutting-up, funny business.
Do you understand?
It's serious.
Before, as I was growing up and developing in this, we would talk about sports, things like that, and we still do, but there's a maturity to things.
There's a maturity to things when the angels come.
Now it's assignments.
You know, whenever you were a child, you spoke as a child, and then you put away the childish things like the word says.
That's what it's like.
I let you in on a little bit of things, you know, glimpses into my life.
And I'm nothing.
I'm telling you all, I'm just a person that was just sold out, and he still is.
And that's what I try to explain to people.
The more you get hungry, the more you get thirsty, and the more you experience him.
And when you have those experiences, they'll change you forever.
They'll change you forever.
And they changed my wife and me forever.
And when he looked at me and he says certain things now, when I can see him and he's talking to me and I have these visions and I'm able to—he'll communicate with me like that.
His love for humanity, his love for the people is beyond human comprehension.
And when someone loves you that much and you can see the earnest, the longing for a relationship with some of you that are so lost, the compassion that he has for humanity in his eyes—it's breathtaking.
How could someone love someone as much as he loves us?
And as I drive around in the major cities and there's so many people in there and you go, "How do you know every single one of us?
" And you know even how many hairs are upon our heads, and yet you look at somebody that seems really unlovely.
Maybe they look dirty.
They may be homeless and they're strung out, and yet you walk by and you may look down on them as you're driving, like, "Oh, wow.
They stink," or whatever.
But he looks at each individual with love.
He looks at each individual person with so much compassion and love, and there's not one of them he looks down upon.
Not one.
Not one does he look at as greater, and not one does he look at as any lesser than.
He looks at each one as an individual that he loves compassionately and longs to have a relationship with each and every single one of you.
And he's willing to do whatever it takes to get it.
But there's so many people that choose hell every day.
That's why he gave us free will.
He gave every single one of us free will, and we choose to turn our back on him.
That's why the Bible says he's an ever-present help in a time of need.
He's never left us and he's never forsaken us.
"Lo, until the end of the earth," he said he'd be with us always.
And even in my darkest times, and there's been some very dark days, I said, "Where are you?
" He said, "Right now, you're going through refining.
" A true relationship is not a relationship until it's been tested.
A true marriage, a real good marriage, is not a real good marriage until it's been tested.
There's some refining to it.
The honeymoon phase is not real marriage yet.
Real marriage is when there's some challenge to it and you decide to stick together, even when you have the choice and you say, "I'm out of here.
Okay, bye.
" Or, "I made a covenant with you, and you made a covenant with me, and no matter how dark this valley is, we're going to stick together.
" That's what it's like with the Lord.
There's a honeymoon stage when you first get born again.
There's a honeymoon stage.
And whenever you develop that relationship with him and it's tested, things are tested.
Remember he said, "I'll never deny you, Lord.
I'll never deny you, Lord," until it was tested.
And the rooster is out there going, "Cock-a-doodle-doo.
" And he's sitting there going, "Oh no, he told me I'd deny him.
" But even when he messed up and denied him, Jesus was there saying, "And go get Peter.
Go get Peter.
He messed up, but I'm still merciful to him, and I'm willing to welcome him.
Go get him.
" I was meditating today a lot upon the children of Israel.
All two million of them all took the blood and put it on their door, and they were safe.
No calamity came nigh them.
All two million of them got the silver and the gold and marched out of Egypt, praising and worshiping the Lord.
They all ate the manna.
They all had their shoes and their clothes renewed.
There wasn't a sick one among them.
They all had their cloud by day and a fire by night, but only two made it into the promised land.
There was a lot of people that saw the miracles every single day, but only two were qualified to go into the promise.
God delivered them out of Egypt, but they didn't let God deliver the Egypt out of them.
Egypt didn't get delivered out of them.
And he was challenging me today.
I was meditating on that.
Only two got to go in.
And there's so many people today that the Egypt's not out of you.
He delivered you out of a lot of stuff.
He started talking to me about that today.
He said, "I've delivered them out of a lot of stuff, and I can heal you, Brandon.
I can do all these things, but the sickness is still in you.
" It was a lot deeper.
Made me think a lot today.
He goes, "Where's your Egypt?
Where is your Egypt at inside of you?
I've delivered you out of all of it.
" But a lot of times, we can go around the mountain for 40 years and die with Egypt still inside of us.
And he's provided the way for us to have the promised land, and only two were able to obtain it of the original crowd.
But as I saw the things that are coming with AI and all these things that are going to come at such a fast pace now, the Lord showed us so much last night.
And Todd told us that we're about to see this new industrial revolution evolve and happen, with all these new cures and all these things with medical science—an acceleration as they typed.
I could see them typing it in.
They put their little thing of what they're at these big computers, and it looked like a black computer behind them.
I could see this massive computer and it had all kinds of electricity and stuff going to it.
And all of a sudden, they put a word in this search and they pushed the button, and it would download so much information to them last night.
And I was watching, but any question they had, they would ask the demon, and AI was directly behind it.
But I thought this was interesting.
The very thing that God said was perfect and finished with humanity, humans, and the garden with vegetables—they were trying to make better vegetables, like seeds, genetically altering seeds through AI technology of what it was telling them to do.
And as they would plant what they considered was better, instead of what he said was perfect, it didn't produce.
And there was a complete year of no crops being yielded across the country because of this new seed that's coming.
So what God had said is perfect, man thought they could alter it and make it better through AI.
And there will be a day that seeds don't produce at all for a season, and it will be very, very bad for some people because they think that they can create something better than what God said was perfect.
But then he made man, and he said we are made in his image and we are made perfect.
But then I saw them taking in labs and they were doing genetic code in Japan and in China and some other places.
I don't know if the United States would come right out and do this very fast, but I saw foreign countries have no restraints in some of this.
And I saw lab-grown babies again.
And they were taking and making something that looked like a superhuman, of the way they thought what was in a man or a woman, to say, "This is what I consider a perfect child.
" And they were trying to be like Hitler, of ethnic cleansing.
"This is what will eliminate by making a superhuman race without any kind of flaws through an artificial womb.
" An artificial womb that looked like the size of a toilet bowl.
That's what it looked like.
As it was growing and developing, the baby would be...
and if it wasn't what they wanted, they just aborted it.
Build-A-Bear like that, but build a baby.
And I said that yesterday.
I was hearing a celebrity, and many of you got her name right, which I thought was interesting.
This individual woman—my son told me who you all were saying in the chat, and there were so many people saying the exact same person that I was hearing her talk, and I will never say it on there, and I encourage you all not to either, but they were saying it right, and I thought that was kind of interesting.
But I heard the celebrity talking and they were saying, "This is convenient to not put stress on the woman's body because it's too much for their organs and all this stuff, and this is more convenient so that we can multiply our clones.
" Or like if you say, "Well, you're the last of this bloodline.
You're the last of this name.
" Because there's no males taking that name.
So you want to make that name be sustained in the earth.
So you want to make sure you have strong men to take on that name.
Some names mean more than others in their opinion, right?
So you raise up a bunch of these celebrity names and males to take on that name of that celebrity or royalty or whatever they thought was deemed necessary.
But in a superhuman, it's, you know, beautiful eyes, beautiful.
This is guaranteed, ma'am.
You put this in there, and they're never going to have cancer.
We'll be able to take that genetic out of there and Build-A-Bear, but build a baby.
And it was so sickening what I was watching happening.
But the Lord said, "This is closer than you realize.
" When I was in there and I was looking at the vision, I heard the voice of the Lord and he said, "This is closer than you realize.
" And then the other part of what he was showing us last night was that there would be pastors—and I don't want to misquote this because there was so much given to me—that I saw pastors using AI instead of asking the Holy Spirit for things, relying on AI directly and bypassing the Spirit of God for sermons, for spiritual advice, all kinds of nonsense.
And they were actually leading megachurches with AI direction only because it was more convenient to type into their phone than to ask and spend time with the Holy Spirit on how to lead that megachurch.
Am I missing it?
Because, you know, you hear the words, he memorizes everything.
My son is brilliant.
Yeah, if you do not resign, I understand that part.
I was getting there.
I'm talking about what I'm saying, what they were doing with it.
Yes, that's right.
Perfect.
Okay.
The other part was, the Lord said, "If you're not hearing the Spirit of God on how to lead the congregation, you need to resign.
You have no business leading a flock without him.
You need to give up your platform.
" That was a warning.
If you are not being led by the Spirit of God—for those that are led by the Spirit of God are the sons of God—if you're not being led by the Spirit of God and AI is your Holy Ghost by asking him only direction, there is a demon behind it, and the demon is giving you your sermon or whatever it was, spiritual advice on how to lead your church.
And I was scared by it because there are so many people that had no idea that they were getting an AI Holy Ghost sermon, what they would consider a false, demonic sermon, not the Holy Ghost, to feed their church every week.
And it was not from the pulse and the heart of God.
Do you know there's no microwave to Christianity?
There's no microwave to the voice of God.
It's a slow cooker.
It's called sacrifice.
You sit at his feet, you die to self daily, you listen to him, and he'll speak to you.
And as you seek him, you'll find him.
"Well, I don't hear God.
I don't believe it.
" He said, "My sheep will know my voice, and a stranger's voice they'll not follow.
" I question then, "Are you his?
" "I don't hear him at all.
" Well, are you his?
Because he said, "My sheep, my sheep, the ones that I recognize, will hear my voice, and a stranger's voice they'll not follow.
" Are you sold out?
Are you sold out to him?
Does he know you?
If he doesn't know you and he doesn't recognize you, then maybe you're not his sheep.
Question yourself, but become real with God tonight and say, "God, if I'm not yours, I want to be.
I'm selling out tonight.
" And when you sell out to him, I'm telling you, when you seek him, you will find him.
He's not playing hard to get, but he is...
he's not playing at all.
He's just looking at how your heart panteth after the water brooks.
So my soul longeth for you.
How hungry, how desperate are you for Jesus Christ?
And there's a lot of people that are not desperate enough.
It's only convenient when we get what we want.
He doesn't hear from us for a while until we hit another brick wall.
"Oh God, the brick wall is here again!
Oh God, help me!
Help me get over the brick wall!
" He picks you up, puts you on the other side of the brick wall.
"See you later.
Have a good night.
I'm out of here.
" I want him on this side of the brick wall, and I want to walk around with the brick wall.
I want to be in his arms at all times.
It's so important that you hear what I'm telling you all.
Stop playing church.
Stop playing Christianity.
Sell out to Jesus today.
If he comes back really in the next 24 hours, there's a lot of you that are in trouble.
You think you're right with him, and you think he knows you, and he doesn't know you.
The moment you confess your sins, he's faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness.
How many times did Jesus tell the people after he healed them to go and sin no more?
What was it that this modern generation forgot?
Jesus is a healer.
Jesus loves you.
But Jesus every single time challenged them, and he told them, "Go, sin no more.
" What'd he tell the madman of Gadara?
"Go, sin no more.
" How many times did he tell that, over and over and over and over again?
But most people take that as just a suggestion.
All of us live the way we want to live.
He said, "Be ye holy as I am holy.
Be ye separate.
Be called out.
Be more like me.
Be like the Father.
" It didn't give you a license to keep doing what you want to do.
The very sin that you repented of a couple of weeks later, you're back in like a dog eating the vomit, saying, "I'm saved.
I'm saved.
" "But I'm saved, but I'm still doing what I did before I said I was saved.
" Where's the difference?
What's the difference?
That's why I'm trying to tell you...
well, you got to be self-righteous.
But there is a difference between being sold out.
Everybody falls and skins their knee every once in a while, folks.
I do, too.
I got upset about something today and said something I shouldn't have said.
And after it was over...
but I tell you what, it was stupid.
Something dumb.
My dog wasted in my garage and my wife stepped on it, and I was mad about it.
Not...
I was sad for Diana because she had it all over her.
But I was mad at that dog who wasted—she didn't see it and it was all on her, in her foot.
And I lost my temper about that a little bit because I was upset for my wife because I was like, "I cannot believe that just happened to you.
" But just being real.
And so I had to repent.
I didn't hurt the dog.
I let it outside.
But I'm telling you, in my flesh, I was...
I said something I shouldn't have said as I smelt the feces all over my wife's foot.
And I just sat there and I thought, "Brandon, where did that come from?
Where'd that come from?
That came out of somewhere that shouldn't have been there.
" So I was convicted by it.
I said, "Lord, I shouldn't have said that.
" That was an abundance of what came out of overflow as, "I've got to get more in the Word today.
" So everything I'm telling you about, being like everything that came out of my prayer time, the whole Moses and the children of Israel, that was out of prayer today.
But just spending time with Him.
But it's just you get empty.
You get empty with so many pressures, so much stuff going on in my life.
I just go, and you don't allow your tank to get totally full, and that old man tries to creep back up again.
That old man tries to come up out of that grave.
You've got to keep him dead.
He wants to come back.
That old man likes to live.
I said, "I refuse to let you live.
You stay dead.
I die daily.
" The old man likes to have a say every once in a while.
I said, "No, don't do that.
Do that.
That's so dumb.
Don't grieve the Spirit of God for a dog pooping on the ground.
" But you go, you know, whatever.
I'm a work in progress.
I go, but it's not a whatever.
Take communion.
And that's why He tells me, "Take communion.
Come up higher with the fire and dwell with me.
Dwell with me.
Come up higher.
Know me more.
" As I anoint myself with oil: "Father, I thank you for the blood.
I apply it over my mind.
I thank you, Father, that no weapon formed against this home will prosper, over my finances, over me.
" Oops.
Don't dump that.
That's precious stuff right there.
Don't dump that here.
You want some, bee?
I anoint you, boy.
This is gold in my house.
Billy Burke prayed for that stuff.
It's like I want to saturate my whole head.
Green screen.
A green screen.
In fact, I've got to get some more of that if he'd ever send me more.
That was a Christmas present.
Oh, people are precious to me that carry the anointing.
They always have a special place in my heart.
When you carry fragrance, I say, "Ah, you can smell it on people.
" You can sense the presence on people when you come into rooms with them.
You can see it on their photos.
You can not see it on their photos.
You can see what's going on with them.
You just know.
And the more you become sensitive to the Spirit of God, you'll sense authentic versus a lot of arrogance and pride—the Spirit who once was there that is no longer.
Saul did that.
He was once there, and he lost it.
He lost it.
And he wanted the prophet to keep walking with him to show, to let the people have a false front, to say, "Hey," so that they'll think that it's still there.
"You walk with me.
" It no longer was.
"I'm afraid that it's not.
I need to have a prideful front, so you walk with me so that the people can believe something that's false.
" That's lost.
And that's happened a lot right now with the body of Christ, a lot of leadership.
And the Lord showed me even today, He was talking to me.
He said, "Brennan, judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
Judgment begins in my house first.
And I'm about to clean house at a major level.
The great apostasy is happening—the great falling away.
And yet, you'll see a major harvest at the exact same time.
" He's talking about leaving the 99 to go after the one.
But I'm talking about the people that are not—they're just lukewarm.
There's a shaking.
The real is coming forth.
The real is about to come forth.
So, what were the other things we saw last night?
We saw—I don't want to go too long.
I already probably have.
But I get to talking, and I feel the anointing, so I start talking too much.
Remember they use it in the doctors and the—oh, and then I saw in the vision last night, vets for horses, and that was what I thought was interesting.
A new way of helping horses, dogs, animals—veterinary through AI technological advancements with medical, with our doctors.
And it will—I'm telling you all, breakthrough, scientific breakthrough, and modern technological advancements concerning medical is coming like you would not believe.
Things that are afflicting man to the point of, you know, cancers to whatever, will become no more.
This is where it gets bad, though: modern new viruses with no cures in another area, with viruses that will have no way to fix it will be released as population control.
I saw a dark, dark virus—a dark virus still—that will be released.
Out of it, it will be AI technological.
This is what I told you all.
They take part of COVID.
They take part of things that were concerning obesity and a drain on the healthcare system, and they intertwine it with a virus through AI technological advancements.
And when they do this, they start to use it on rats, this new virus, and they looked back at the code of the Black Death, and they take it somehow.
I do not know how, but they take it somehow—of how they have a DNAed code, something from the Black Death—and they take it out, and they splice it with a modern something, and they inject it into rats, and they see how long the rat lives before it goes.
And I saw them in these little test boxes.
And when they put this into this rat, they release it upon the people in a certain area.
And I will not say publicly right now ever again where I saw this, but they released this.
I've told you what I feel the year of this is, before—if we do not pray, and that's what the Lord said: "I've called you and assigned you to pray, to pray for this stuff to be lessened and to be exposed, to be exposed so that things like this do not happen.
" But I saw it started—I'll say it—it started in Europe.
And this is when Donald Trump will come out, and he will make a public speech like he always has in that same place that I've seen it, with the red carpet down the hall with golden tassels, and you can see it, and he's made speeches there before.
And he comes, and he stands at that podium, and he says, "My fellow Americans, there's another virus.
As of this moment, we're no longer going to allow international flights to come into America, and we're going to limit the number of state-to-state travel to stop the spread.
" But it again, just like it was in 2018, will be too little, too late.
I've told you what I saw him praying at his Oval Office, and he was weeping before the Lord.
I saw ministers moving around in his Oval Office, and he was praying.
Remember, I've told you this.
This was the original vision that I had about his ear, and he was weeping before the Lord, and he was crying, and there was a black haze upon the land, I told you all.
And as he prayed, the haze lifted above the trees.
Excuse me, spit in my trash can.
The haze lifted above the trees.
And the Lord told me, He said, "That has not died.
You must pray.
" He brought it up to me again yesterday, and He brought it up to me again today because I was coughing and stuff, and He's been talking to me about viruses because I've been praying about the viruses.
It put it fresh on my mind because, as I was going through what we went through this last week, it made it real fresh on my memory, and I was like, "Okay.
" So, like I said, this is what I've seen.
And it's not by bats; it's by rats.
And it will be something that will be 350 million people plus.
And I told you, I showed you the tents, I showed you the church, and I saw the fall leaves coming off the trees.
I saw all those things.
And I told you it only was at cot level because the people were laying in the cots because the hospitals were too full, and there was not enough hospital rooms for all the people.
And so as I was watching the cots full, they had an IV.
The nurses had body bag things all over them, like spaceman outfits, and they were trying to take care of it, but they knew that they were just trying to keep the person comfortable before they went home, because there was no way to save the person once they got this virus.
But as I saw that, remember what I told you?
People were like, 'We're not having lockdowns like we did this last time.
' And they were fighting to go to work, saying, 'You're not stopping us from working.
' And as I saw the sun come up and come down, come up and come down.
And as it was coming up and coming down, as you could see it in the vision, I could see the people lining up to go to work.
And the crowds, every single time as it was panning before me, the crowds were getting thinner and thinner until there was tape across the door and it said, 'No more.
' I watched it happen.
It played in front of my face.
And I tell you all this stuff not to scare you.
I tell you that that's why we've been called to this channel to pray.
That's why the Lord said they cannot silence the true watchmen, Brandon, for if they do, it's only causing pain to them.
It's like shooting yourself in the foot.
It's stupid.
He said, 'For I only reveal what's coming to the earth ahead of time and what the plan of the enemy is to my prophetic intercessors, to the voices, the prophetic people, just like He did Abraham, His friend.
' So the world will try to shut you up.
The world will try to keep you quiet because they don't understand it.
But this is where I saw the virus, and there was literally nobody alive.
And that tree right there was yellow with leaves as I drove by.
And that church bell was ringing.
That tree had yellow leaves barely in it.
So I knew it was late fall when the virus was happening because I was there in the spirit driving around.
But you see that church?
I could hear the music playing in it.
And every single day at five o'clock at that church, they play music out of there—old hymns.
It's an old Methodist church, I believe.
Is that a Methodist church, son, or is that the Catholic church?
I believe it's Methodist.
But the things that I see are so real.
And I'm telling you all that we have a window of opportunity.
I told you to believe God for a financial harvest to bring forth what I've seen because I told you great days of shaking are coming.
Great shaking is coming.
COVID will look like a cakewalk for what I've seen coming.
It will look like nothing.
You'll be like, 'COVID, what?
' That's how big this thing is for what I've seen that they've planned coming.
It's like they all called it the plandemic last time.
Well, it's phase two.
And nobody saw a lot of prophetic—I don't know of any, and I'm not tooting my own horn.
I wasn't even on the internet, so there's nothing even to back what I'm telling you.
But I saw this clear back in the summer of 2017, or was it 2018?
Yeah.
And I started praying into it, and the Lord started showing me there's a great shaking coming to America, and it'll be a first wave.
This should be a first wave, and the tidal wave will come into the shore, and as it comes back, there'll be a greater wave behind it.
You must prepare for the greater wave.
And I said, 'What in the world are you showing me?
' And He talked about the chickens.
He talked about getting chickens.
He talked about having food.
And He talked about having...
He said, 'You don't have to be obnoxious with this,' but I had a little bit of everything the Lord told me to do for my family.
I'm not telling you to do anything.
But I saw the riots in the places.
So if you start hearing in the news and you don't believe me—say you think Brandon is just on some bad weed and you're watching this—if you start hearing about it and it starts in Europe or in the area over there, and you start seeing on the news, I would start knowing that you're pretty much too late.
But we need to pray.
We need to pray it doesn't happen.
That's what the bottom line is.
We need to pray for the people.
We need to pray for this stuff.
That's why this whole channel exists.
So I am just real with y'all.
I don't try to sugarcoat all this stuff.
You're either adults or you're not.
The beast system, all of it.
I'm telling you, we're so close, but I'm believing for a harvest.
But it's like one person said, 'What is it going to take to get the harvest?
What is it going to take to get us over to the point?
Where does revival truly start?
Is Charlie's funeral the beginning of the greatest awakening, the revival?
' And I'm like, 'For America, maybe.
' But folks, we're only 350 million people.
Do you understand?
It's about a worldwide revival.
The Western mentality is just all about us a lot of times.
We're about America, and America first, and America this and that—praise God for that or whatever—but what you really need to realize is there's billions of people that are dying and going to hell outside of America.
It's just too much Western thinking for me.
It's not about us.
In fact, I argue—people say, 'We're Mystery Babylon, New York City, I've seen it.
' But people go, 'Where?
I believe it's Rome, I believe it's this, I believe it's the Vatican.
' I believe Mystery Babylon is New York City.
It wouldn't have been a mystery because Rome and all that, they knew about all that over there.
How much of a mystery would it be?
I say Mystery Babylon is America; it didn't even exist in that time frame.
Jesus didn't come over to America and have a revival.
The disciples didn't.
A mystery is a mystery.
But I'm just telling you, a great shaking is coming.
But as I saw that, I saw...
what else did I see?
You've got to help me.
You saw it trying to combat—yes, it was combating the revival, but then I saw it split down the middle.
I saw artificial intelligence, AI, and a man's brain.
And I saw man and AI combining as one as a superhuman.
Does that make sense, what I'm saying?
It split, and it was split down the middle, and it had half electronic, half not.
Is everything okay?
Oh, yeah.
And then you saw the space race—a new space race.
And I saw...
which, if it was legitimate the first time, I don't understand why this would be such a big deal the second time.
But it was a space race to get to the moon again, with actual astronauts landing on the moon.
And I saw actual stuff happening with that, a real something.
And I thought that was interesting because these spaceships were different.
I was like, 'What is going on with this?
' And so, in the vision, I could see that, and it was so clear.
Arms race.
You saw an arms race.
Yeah.
And then the teachers.
Yeah, teachers.
Oh, I saw the teachers on major college campuses.
There would be a lot of professors laid off, and they would bring AI in to talk to the students in major universities like Harvard and Yale, teaching law, doctoral—major positions where there's no human error—and teaching these students.
They're only taught by an AI robot hologram, like a picture of what they would consider a teacher.
And it was on a major projector screen, with AI explaining the courses and teaching the students as they asked questions to the AI.
And it was no longer a live, real person, a flesh-and-blood professor teaching that course.
Now, I don't know if that's happening yet, but that's what I saw.
And it was like...
you know how you can debate and have human dialogue, like we can as a teacher goes and the student asks questions, there's human reaction?
It was just robotic, the way the classes were.
You could ask AI, but it's all scripted, the way it was designed to say and to tell you, kind of like whenever you ask your Alexa in your house, 'Hey Alexa, what's the weather today?
' That's what I saw behind the screen.
The professors were there, and then I saw the new arms race with China, Russia, and America.
But it was not about missiles; it was about cybersecurity.
Who was able to penetrate the walls of the United States or whatever opponent was with war games with cybersecurity?
No more of this.
Well, of course there's war, but it was like they were trying to use AI to outsmart the other, figuring out the secrets and penetrating their military codes, their military stuff through AI, and it was back and forth.
I could see it, and I was like, 'What in the world am I...
' And everything was so AI, but it was a different place, and it happened so quickly.
And the Lord already said, 'What you have on your phone is already behind.
What you have on your phone is old technology.
AI is far more advanced than what you have access to on your ChatGPT or whatever.
That's old stuff.
' The Lord said this is happening so quickly, and it's happening so fast, it's compounding.
And as they're asking these questions, technological advancements are happening so fast that the humans reading it and deciphering what they're reading—it takes them time, but it's happening too fast to even read what's being downloaded to a human mind to implement what they're being told.
It's going, and every week, it's like a snowball.
And the Lord showed me a snowball as I'm seeing this, a snowball rolling down the hill that was really small that became a massive something.
And so last night, that's whenever I could smell and I could hear the hammers hammering the metal and the grinding of the gears.
And that's when I said, 'It smells like sulfur at first.
' And then everybody said, 'Oh, you have a devil.
' And I said, 'No, it's not a demon.
I know the difference between a devil sulfur smell and this.
Trust me, I know that one.
There's a big difference.
And so you smell the metal like when you're welding something.
It smells like metal's burning, but it's that hot smell.
' So, but that's really what I had for y'all.
And that went way too long tonight.
I didn't want to keep you this long.
I go over things and I just tell you things, but maybe it blesses you, maybe it doesn't.
I know y'all value your time just like I do.
But I know we're in a time like we've never seen before.
And I know people need to wake up.
But I'll pray with y'all for a little bit.
Do y'all want to go tubing tonight or are you already tired?
I feel refreshed.
I feel a lot better.
I'm thankful.
When he was as sick as I was, I go, 'Thank God for the blood.
Thank God for his mercy.
' And he got me through that.
He got us all through it.
Diana's feeling better.
We're all feeling better.
Braden feeling better, too, huh?
Yes.
We're thankful.
Very thankful.
But does anybody want to pray?
How long was that?
An hour and 17.
Yeah, way too long.
I apologize.
I really do.
I know you're here to pray, but I just talk.
Let me pour this into my little cup.
How many here?
7,000 people listening to that.
Well, like I said, I hope it blesses you if you're wanting to hear it.
If you're here to pray, I apologize even more.
Let's do it.
Let's pray.
Okay.
Father, I thank you.
We never go to the throne room without taking communion first.
As I told you, you need to understand your covenant.
You need to understand who you are as you go in before him and become bold.
And Father, we lift up this body before you in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father, that we're healed by your stripes.
We take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that by your stripes, we are healed in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we take this right now in Jesus' name.
Now Lord, we thank you for the blood.
And we apply the blood of Jesus over us.
And Father, we thank you that it never loses its power, for it reaches to the highest mountain and flows to the lowest valley.
Thank you, Father, for the blood.
Thank you, Father.
We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
And we plead the blood of Jesus over us.
And I cover my mind, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I plead the blood over my mind tonight.
And I thank you, Father, that I'm not snared by anything that's demonic.
I only see and hear what you want me to hear and see in Jesus' name.
And I thank you, Father.
I shelter my brain, my mind, my thoughts, that no flesh gets involved in that.
It's only led by your spirit in Jesus' name.
And I thank you, Father, for those that are led by the Spirit of God are the sons of God.
And I thank you, Father, that I am led by your Spirit tonight because I'm your son.
And I plead the blood over us.
And I apply the blood over this atmosphere.
I apply the blood over the atmosphere.
And I station my angels here from the north, the south, the east, the west, to guard and protect me.
And I will not have any demonic interference in Jesus' name.
And I apply the blood over my wife and my children.
I apply the blood over my finances.
I apply the blood over this house, over the top of my roof, all the way down to the bottom, all around the sides.
I apply the blood over us in Jesus' name.
And I thank you, Lord, in Jesus' name.
All around, Father, all around, we plead the blood.
We give you all the glory for it in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord, for our sins are washed away, too.
Glory.
Thank you, Father.
Now that's taken care of, we enter His throne room so boldly.
He's our friend.
He's a friend that sticks closer than our brother, and great is his faithfulness to us.
So, Father, we lift up our time.
What time is it right now?
10:00.
All right.
We'll pray for about an hour.
And I'm sure that they can pray for 30 minutes.
We'll pray.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
You're glorious, Father.
Oh, the glory of your presence, we, your people, give you reverence.
So arise from your rest and be blessed by our praise as we glory in your embrace, as your presence now fills this place.
Glory, glory, glory.
Glory, glory, glory, Lord.
We worship you.
We adore you.
We magnify the King of kings and the Lord of lords.
You deserve the glory and the honor.
Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we bless your holy name.
For you are great.
You do miracles so great.
There is no one else like you.
For you are great.
You do miracles so great.
There is no one else like you.
There is no one else like you, for you deserve the glory and the honor.
Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we bless your holy name.
You deserve the glory and the honor.
For you are great.
You do miracles so great.
There is no one else like you.
For you are great.
You do miracles so great.
There is no one else like you.
I try to show you that when you enter into somebody's house, I come into his courts with thanksgiving and praise, but I do not control the gift.
He does.
And it's like a cloak comes on me whenever he starts showing me things.
And it just doesn't happen if I could just turn it on myself.
I'd have it on all the time, walking around looking at things because that's how cool it is.
But it's when he wills.
It's what he says.
And so to tap into it by your own, then you're in control.
And I only see exactly what he wants me to see when he wants me to see it.
And so I get there every time—I've learned—by worship first.
And all of a sudden he says, 'You're there.
' I pray before, but I've already had worship before this, and He says, 'You're there.
' He's looking for something, I don't know.
William Seymour had that box on his head before the glory came into the services at Azusa.
Sometimes it was 45 minutes, sometimes it was less, but it was always by the box on his head.
And when he stopped putting the box on his head, the manifestation of the glory stopped.
What does it have to do with the box on the head?
It had nothing to do with the box; it has to do with obedience.
And so when it comes to me and this, I don't know what makes it.
It's mysterious to me.
I try to do the same patterns to get even the visitations that I've had, but you can't cookie-cutter it.
But I know a lot of times it comes out of just being yielded.
Father, I love You.
You deserve the glory and the honor.
Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we bless Your holy name.
For You are great.
You do miracles so great.
There is no one else like You.
Thank You, Father.
Well, Lord, we're here for You.
Whatever You want us to do, have Your own way, Lord.
You are the potter, we are the clay.
Have Your own way, Lord.
You deserve the glory and the honor.
Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we bless Your holy name.
Let it become real to you.
Oh Lord, You're worthy.
We believe in miracles.
His presence is so strong, I feel like I'm coming off my couch.
Glory to God!
Thank You, Lord.
Lord, I thank You for the completion of my healing tonight, all over my throat, all over the rest of it.
I sing to You with it.
Lord, we thank You.
I see the glory.
He said, 'You're there.
' I see a cloud growing before me.
It's not just a normal cloud; it looks like a great rain cloud, a thunderstorm.
It's a beautiful, white, fluffy cloud.
I see it on heaven's side again.
I see the edge, and I hear the Lord say, 'It's beginning to rain.
' And the cloud is growing.
There's no end and there's no beginning to this cloud, and it will come on quickly.
It's coming on quickly—the former and the latter rain.
I see a valley and it's dry; it looks like a desert as far as the eye can see.
But I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
Glory to God!
The rain is just barely coming out of that cloud.
You're just seeing it with clarity.
He says, 'You're just seeing the first drops of what's about to happen across this globe.
You're seeing the first drops of rain, but I see the cloud.
I pray you all have a boat.
Stand in the rain.
Oh my goodness, the rain is coming!
It's not just coming; it's here.
It's beginning to rain on your sons and your daughters.
He's saying, "Whosoever will, come drink from My waters.
" He's promised to pour His Spirit out on your sons and your daughters.
If you're thirsty and dry, look up to the sky.
It's beginning to rain.
' That's exactly what I hear.
I hear that song, and it's being sung in the heavens, and I can hear it.
You all don't realize what's about to happen: the greatest outpouring, the greatest move of God this world has ever seen before.
And it's no longer coming; it's here.
You're seeing the first fruits of it, ladies and gentlemen.
But you just say, 'It's beginning to rain on my family, my church, my city, and my nation.
It's beginning to rain.
' You can't make it happen.
It's a move of God, what is called a grace explosion, and you're about to see it upon all flesh.
As we cross over into '23, I told you it said at the first drop of rain, throw wide open the window.
I see the silver clouds through the sky.
The clouds up above are beginning to gather.
The barren land is thirsty, and so am I.
It's beginning to rain.
Hear the voice of my Father.
He's saying, 'Whoever will, come drink from My water.
' He's promised to pour His Spirit out on your sons and your daughters.
If you're thirsty and dry, look up to the sky.
It's beginning to rain.
Sorry, I just camped there for a little bit.
I can see it so clear, the raindrops.
Glory to God!
Let's pray into it a little bit more.
I know there's more.
It's raining on Africa.
It's raining, and I see all the African people with their hands up, drinking in the rain, and they're laughing.
They're laughing, and I see the smiles upon their faces.
There's rain dripping down their faces.
I see the rain on the African people all across the continent of Africa, all over it.
Oh, if you're dry and thirsty, just drink from the well, drink from that rain.
It's beginning to rain.
I believe it, I receive it.
I believe I receive the rain, the fresh outpouring of the Spirit upon me.
He's talking about watching over the fig tree.
He's talking about watching the fig tree in the days ahead.
'Watch Israel in the days ahead.
' He's saying that loud, I hear Him: 'Watch Israel in the days ahead.
' Watch Israel.
It will look like trouble on all sides.
I see a storm on all sides.
An agreement for the Third Temple is coming, a great acceleration of end-time events.
Watch Israel, watch what's about to happen.
Watch it, I see it.
A great shaking for the decade.
It will look like they want to cast them into the sea, they want to throw them into the sea.
I hear them, there will be enemies upon all sides.
It will look like it's at its darkest, but the Lord Himself will come through at this hour.
I see it so clearly.
The Lord Himself will fight and stand.
When all the other nations come against them, the Lord Himself will stand.
And you will see that the God of the Lord Jesus Christ, our Father, is protecting thee.
Oh, I'm afraid to get...
Watch what happens in the next couple of days.
Watch what happens.
All of this is unfolding at a rapid pace.
No more.
Oh, she said, 'No more upon the land, upon the land.
' I hear Him; He's talking about the land.
He's talking about the land.
Oh, you've not seen birthing pains like you're about to see.
You've not seen the labor pains like you are about to see upon this whole earth.
From this day forward, He's talking about Rosh Hashanah.
From this day forward, I hear it echoing in the spirit realm: labor pains will intensify to the point where...
I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, the vote, all of it.
I see earthquakes.
I see volcanoes.
I see great shaking in the land, in the crust.
Underwater, undersea volcanoes will start to erupt.
Great trouble on the ocean floor, great shaking on the ocean floor.
Events will happen right after another; great shakings will happen right after another, they'll be back-to-back.
Do you know, and the Lord said, as labor pains upon a woman, the contractions are back-to-back when it's in the last stages of labor.
Back-to-back contractions are on top of each other, and that's where we are: the point of no return.
The Lord said, 'The point of no return.
' We're at the point, from the 23rd, of no return.
I hear the Lord say, 'And now you will see the beginning of the rain.
' The rain is here.
The rain is here, the glorious outpouring.
A true repentance is coming.
Holiness is coming back to His church.
Holiness is coming back to the church, purity in the church, a great repentance, a great revival.
For great repentance brings great revival.
He's talking about seedtime and harvest.
As I'm praying in the spirit, I hear Him, and He says, 'I've told you again and again that an acceleration of seedtime and harvest has begun.
' A great acceleration of seedtime and harvest has now begun.
Whatsoever a man sows, that will he also reap.
If you have bad seeds in the ground and you're a believer, repent and pray for a crop failure, and take communion and really turn away from it.
Woe unto you who have hidden sin, for judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
He says, 'Woe unto you, O Israel.
' There's a shaking coming, and I see all these people trying to come against you on all sides, but God's going to stand and He's going to fight the war.
I see it.
I don't know if this is Ezekiel 38 and 39 that I'm looking into, ladies and gentlemen, but I see God stepping in and helping Israel on all fronts.
I see the hand of the Lord with them.
It's so clear in this vision.
There are enemies on all sides, like the whole world is coming against them, but the hand of the Lord is going to show up and show off in them.
I'm telling you, this generation has never seen what they're about to see: the hand of the Lord.
For those that bless Israel, He will bless, and those that curse will be cursed.
And you say, 'Well, are you talking about Benjamin?
' No, I'm talking about the land of Israel—the people, not a government.
You guys have got to start thinking bigger.
There are so many ignorant people out there concerning this stuff.
We pray for every FBI agent, for all of Homeland Security, all our CIA—the good ones and the bad.
Father, we ask for all of our people who are protecting this beautiful nation: our sheriff's departments, our OSBI, our local police departments.
We pray for a supernatural protection over every single one of them, that they are uncovering every plot, every plan of the wicked, and every strategy to cause mass casualties.
We call forth wisdom over our law enforcement in the name of Jesus.
Every man and woman that is serving in our National Guard, I thank You, Father, that You're giving them supernatural wisdom to protect this great nation, over our military, over our armed services of every kind.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that they're protected and they have wisdom to protect this great nation for what I've seen coming inside our own borders.
I thank You, Lord, that You're exposing the darkness in the name of Jesus, and that there will be no mass casualties of any kind upon our nation in the name of Jesus.
I thank You, Lord, for President Trump, our Vice President, our Senate, our House, and the Congress.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for our judges.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for turning the judges' hearts in the name of Jesus, that there would be no more persecution upon the decisions that Trump would make.
Father, that he would make godly decisions, and that he is not led by his emotions or by pride, but You've called him to the Kingdom for this nation for such a time as this.
And I thank You, Father, for JD Vance and Donald Trump, that they are praying men, not being led by emotion, but led by the Spirit.
I thank You, Father, for Ted Cruz in the Senate, and for people like James Lankford, I believe his name.
And the people in our Senate, over Oklahoma, and for our Governor Stitt and over the people.
Father, we call forth godly decisions over this nation in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that they would bring forth national days of prayer in the days ahead, for it will only come through prayer and fasting.
You said, 'If My people who are called by My name will humble themselves and pray, and turn from their wicked ways, then we would hear from heaven, and You would heal our land.
' And Father, our land is divided and we need healing.
And the only One that can bring great healing into America is Jesus.
The only hope for America is Jesus.
The only hope for our country is Him, if we repent from our ways, stand firm, and say we need God in America again.
Oh, Carman, Carman's song: 'The only hope for America is Jesus.
The only hope for our country is Him.
' Do you believe that we need God in America again?
We need God in America again.
We need a true turnaround, an awakening unto God in America again, for the pastors to preach true repentance in America again.
For it's a cultural decline; it's not on the politicians, it's upon the pastors, the prophets, the teachers, and the evangelists to bring forth true repentance—to turn from wicked ways and turn from sins, saying, 'Jesus, forgive me, for I have sinned.
' Then true revival will come within.
For a great shaking to awaken is upon this land.
I hear the voice of the Lord say, 'A great shaking to awaken will come upon the land, and a great repentance will come from this.
' A great repenting, a great cry—it's like one of those ugly cries: 'Jesus, I need You.
Jesus, I repent of my sins and I turn from my wicked ways.
' From sea to shining sea, Lord, bring them to their knees.
From sea to shining sea, Lord, bring them to their knees in true repentance.
Hold back no more, Lord.
Bring them, Father, to a true repentance before You, before a holy God.
A holy God, stir in our pastors' hearts, oh God.
Stir upon this land, oh God, with Your great stirring stick.
Stir in them, oh God, all across the land of Asia.
All across all the land, all across Africa, South America, Europe, and Canada, all across the Middle East, stir in them again.
Bring revival and a great awakening again.
Whatever it takes, Lord.
Bring revival again, Lord.
Stir in them, oh Father.
Wake them out of their slumber.
Wake them out of their sleep as we yell from the mountaintops, 'Can these bones live?
' And you told me, and I said, 'Yes, Lord, they can,' as I saw the water bringing life back to them again.
Let it rain, Father.
Let it rain.
Let it rain, God.
No more spiritual drought.
Let it rain.
All across the land of Australia, Lord, as they stood against your land today.
Father, we cause shaking in Australia, waking them up in Jesus' name.
As they stand against you in Canada, shake them, Lord, and wake them up in the name of Jesus.
For a great revival must come to our land.
Father, you said you don't want any to perish, but all come to repentance, and most are asleep.
Lord, most are asleep.
We say set the alarm clocks of eternity off.
Set the alarm clock off.
Set the alarm clock off, Lord.
Set that alarm clock off.
Let them hear it.
Wake up.
You said no man comes to the Father unless He draws him.
Drawing, Lord, we have our nets out.
We have our nets out.
We have our nets out, Lord.
For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for my friends and our people that are here tonight.
Use them greatly with healing in their hands.
Use them greatly with prophetic words out of their mouths.
For even out of the mouths of babes, let them proclaim that Jesus Christ is coming.
From the old to the child, let them proclaim that Jesus Christ is coming all across this great land, all across the lands of the earth.
I thank you, Lord, that you anoint them from the top of their head to the soles of their feet with special endowments of anointing, something that we've never seen before.
A new wave of the glory of God like we've never seen before from shore to shore all around this world.
I ask you, Father, to bring forth a great move of your presence one more time.
Touch them tonight, Lord.
Every single person that is watching this video, touch them with a special endowment of the glory to reach the lost.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Here we are, Lord, send us.
Touch my friend Billy Burke.
Touch him, Father, with a greater glory on his life.
Touch my friends, Lord.
Bring a greater fire on their ministries.
Bring a greater fire on their hearts, Lord.
Give them strength in their wings.
Blow in their wings, oh Father, that they are able to take this gospel at a greater capacity because their youth is renewed like the eagles.
Bring a greater fire on the ministers like Perry Stone and John Kilpatrick and all the elders that are there before.
Stir in them, Father, once again, like they were in their youth.
Wake them up, Father.
Give them a greater anointing than they've ever had before.
You've trusted them once, Lord.
Now trust them even a greater one.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
All across these lands, all across Africa, all across these places, we thank you, Lord, for a great fire.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I see Seattle, and it's highlighted before me.
I see British Columbia.
I see a great shaking that would go clear out into Seattle.
I see a great shaking, a great earthquake.
I see a great earthquake.
Oh, it goes clear up to Anchorage.
A great shaking.
I see that volcano again underwater.
I see it.
That thing is huge.
I see dead fish again.
I see dead fish all upon the water.
I see the dead fish.
Church of Canada, rise up.
There are dark days for the land, but there are light days for the church.
Do you hear me?
Do you hear me, Canada?
There are light days for the church, but there are dark days for your land.
But the church is going to stand out in a great way in the days ahead.
They will try to silence you.
They'll try to suppress you with your words.
But the church will go through the olive press.
Squeezed, but the church will be better than it's ever been before.
The church of Canada, the body of Christ of Canada will come out better and stronger than they ever have before.
There's an olive press coming.
I see darkness, financial things, great shaking, and they'll try to silence you.
You can't say this, you can't say that from the pulpit.
You can't say this, you can't say that.
I see the government try to say that.
But the church will go through the olive press.
Squeezed, but the church will be better than it's ever been before.
I know that might not be some tickling word that you would like to hear, but that's what I see in the vision, and I hear it.
The church will rise—the true church, a glorious church.
And this will be in America, too.
It's coming.
A true church.
This is what's coming all over Europe.
The true church.
A radical move of God.
The hand of the Lord is upon our land with preaching with a backbone like a crowbar.
They can't throw everybody in prison.
They don't have a big enough one to throw everybody in there.
You understand?
You can't say, 'Well, I'm going to preach Jesus,' and they're going to round everybody up.
You've got millions of people standing there telling everybody about Jesus.
If you get bold about it, 'I'm here to talk about Jesus,' there's nothing wrong with that.
Isn't that amazing how many people get scared about the name of Jesus?
Because there's power in that name.
There's deliverance in that name.
He came to set the captives free.
And the devil in hell is scared of that name.
He's scared of that name because it's the only name that has power.
Jesus, the name above all names.
Glory to God.
He came to set the captives free.
Oh, the things I'm seeing right now.
Just remember, the Word says persecution comes for the Word's sake.
In the Western culture, we've not known that very much.
You think having a bad post on Facebook or my little chat saying something bad about me, popping off, is persecution.
That ain't persecution.
That's just some ignorant person saying something.
I'm talking about true persecution.
We're so sheltered to what some of our brothers and sisters go through in China and Asia and these places, that they're willing to—they'll lose their life for doing certain things.
That's persecution.
Whenever the gospel will cost you your life, being a martyr for Christ, that's persecution.
Not what some bozo says on a thread, going, 'Well, I think he's false,' or whatever.
That's not persecution.
I mean, it is persecution, but for what I just saw, we're going to see some things we didn't think we were going to see in these labor pains, folks.
We have got to get ourselves more sharp.
Wake up.
Whatever it takes, wake up.
I beg you.
Wake up.
Don't take the time you have with a window that you have for granted, that you're able to speak so freely with what you've been given, this platform like this.
Don't take it for granted.
I try not to all the time because it's a window.
He said, "We will be persecuted for the word's sake.
" And what I just saw—either you compromise what you have, or you'll lose it.
If you take for granted what you have, or compromise, you'll lose the freedoms, the things that you take every day that people died for you to have in the first place.
"Well, they'll never do that.
They'll never do this.
" Folks, you better be so thankful you have President Trump behind that office right now.
And I'm telling you what I just saw coming against Israel and all these nations in the storm that's coming, and what will happen in repercussion for their decisions to do what they just did—from war acceleration to earthquakes.
The Lord just told us the birthing pains are going to accelerate now.
From the 23rd on, you're going to see an acceleration of things.
You're going to go, "Oh my goodness.
Watch what happens.
" He said, "Watch Israel.
Watch the fig tree.
Watch this.
" I feel the presence of the Lord so strong in this house.
How many people are here with me?
Seven.
What time is it?
Just exactly.
Yeah, I felt the Lord say, "You can quit.
" And I was like, "What time is it?
" I told them what He wanted me to say.
I said, "We'll pray for an hour.
" Sweet hour of prayer.
Did this bless you tonight?
I'm glad you came.
Thank you for helping me pray.
There's so much here tonight, folks.
What I see is great persecution coming upon the church in a lot of areas because of the fact they want to silence what's about to happen.
It's not them; it's the devil behind them.
And God is going to have His glorious church rise up.
And we're going to have healings and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory like we've never seen before.
Like we've never seen before.
And you will remember this day and say, "I remember when Brandon said we will be so thankful that we have President Trump behind the doors of that Oval Office.
" I'm telling you, from what I'm seeing, you're going to be so thankful.
Some of you may hate him right now, but there's going to be a day when even some people will go, "I'm really glad he's there.
" I see some darkness, folks.
I see some darkness.
I see shaking like you wouldn't believe.
But the church is going to go through an olive press.
It presses.
It wakes people up.
And the glory comes out of the olive, the oil.
The glory comes out of pressure.
The glory.
Watch what's about to happen.
It's going to be a glorious church rising like this oil right here—frankincense.
The church is at its best hour.
The church is at its best hour, walking in the glory like we've never seen before.
And there's a lot of us that are already awake, and we are the initial harvesters.
There's a lot of us that already have our armor on.
We're ready, and we're going to let—you know, "Let's do this.
" But there's a majority that we're going to have to help when they get there.
They're going to be like, "Hold on, I didn't realize I was asleep.
" And we'll be like, "Yeah, wake up.
Let me help you out.
" And then we'll clean them up and say, "Listen to what we're doing.
Come on, help us.
" But there's a lot of us that are already awake, and I'm not talking to us.
I'm talking to them when I'm hearing this in the spirit, and I'm praying—you're helping me pray what I'm hearing.
So, when I'm talking to the crowd tonight, I really believe there's a lot of veterans on here tonight.
You all are veterans that are on here saying, "I get it.
We're going to do this, and it's going to be glorious and beautiful.
" Glory to God!
Glory to God!
But if you're here tonight and you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, I believe tonight's the night.
Don't go another day.
Don't go another day thinking, "I have later on to do this.
I came to hear what the guy's saying on the internet.
I want to know what's going on over there.
I'm kind of curious.
" But if you're living in a compromising state, if you're living in sin, if you're living in a backsliding state, tonight's your night.
Jesus Christ is calling you home.
He's stirring in you right now.
No man comes to the Father unless He is calling.
And I believe tonight He's calling you.
He's standing at the door of your heart, and He's knocking right now.
Will you let Him in?
"Can I come in?
" And you've just got to open the door and let Him in.
If you're here tonight and you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, if you're backslidden and you don't know if your name is written in the Lamb's Book of Life, if you feel, "I used to be a Christian.
I used to be sold out for God, but I've turned my back on Him, and I went and had my way with the world.
" But tonight, I want to have a fresh start.
Tonight, I want to sell out to the Lord again.
I don't believe it's by coincidence that you're watching this video right now.
I believe you're here and you've been chosen for such a time as this, and God is pulling your heart to get right before Him because you're running out of time.
So, if this is talking to you, if my words are penetrating your heart right now and you feel that tugging, you feel that stirring on the inside of you, "I've just got to get right with God before it's too late," I want you to put in the comment section right now, "I need to be saved.
I need to repent of what I've been doing.
I need to turn myself back to the way I used to be and get excited about Jesus again and be sold out to Him again," and just say, "Lord, I don't know what I did.
I just had a flesh-out, and I'm coming home," or whatever.
I don't know.
But today, I'm selling out to Jesus.
I want you to put in the comment section down below right now, "I need to be saved.
I'm coming back home.
Forgive me, Lord.
Tonight's my night.
" Tonight's your night.
I believe in it.
I believe in you.
I believe that tonight all you have to do is come back home.
You're not too far gone.
The devil doesn't have a contract with you.
"Well, I sold my soul to the devil.
" There is no soul contract for you.
The moment you confess your sins, He is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness.
All your past is washed away.
Behold, He makes all things new if you just open the door as He knocks on your heart.
Let Him in tonight.
Don't wait until tomorrow.
You may not have tomorrow.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work, the very shoes you put on today to do whatever—the undertaker might be taking them off tonight.
Don't wait another moment.
Give your heart to Jesus tonight.
So, if that's you and you're saying, "I want to be saved," I want to say a prayer with you right now.
I want to say a prayer.
It's not a hard prayer; it's not a religious prayer.
I'm going to tell you all, I am the least religious person you've ever met.
I'm all about relationship.
I'm about relationship with the Holy Spirit.
I don't pray to Mary; I don't pray to all this.
I pray to Jesus, and I pray to the Holy Spirit.
And I say, "Holy Spirit, have your way in my life.
" And He changes me from the inside out.
And that's the way I encourage you to pray: "Change me, Holy Spirit.
Make me new.
Wash me.
Help me, Jesus.
I yield my life to you.
" So, let's say a prayer right now together, and I want you to say it with your whole heart.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe that you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner, and I need a Savior.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to wash me in your precious blood.
Tonight, I want to be saved.
Tonight, I turn my back on the world.
" I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my past.
And from this day forward, Lord, I serve you.
From this day forward, Lord, I'm sold out to you.
Thank you, Lord, that you forgave me.
Thank you that you washed me in your precious blood.
Thank you, Lord, that you wrote my name in the Lamb's book of life.
From this day forward, Lord, I serve you.
I've sold out to you, Lord.
Forgive me, and thank you, Lord, that I'm made new in Jesus' name.
That's it.
Amen.
And amen.
And I believe if you just said that prayer, that simple little prayer, I believe that you are a born-again Christian now.
You've come back home.
He said that he doesn't remember any more of your sins, as far as the east is from the west.
He said he took your sins from you.
He said he cast them into the sea of forgetfulness.
He doesn't remember it anymore.
You say, "Well, Brandon, I was such a sinner.
I messed up so bad.
" But that's how much grace is.
It's something you don't earn and something you don't deserve.
It was just the gift of God that was given to you.
He just wanted to love you.
He said, "For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only begotten son that whosoever believes in him shall not perish but have everlasting life.
" I believe that you are that whosoever today.
You believe now.
With the heart, confession is made unto salvation.
And I believe you just had it right there.
You said it.
So what do you do now, Brandon?
What do I do now?
Well, you find a Bible-believing church.
I would say a non-denominational church.
A non-denominational church is where I'd go.
And I would tell that pastor there, say, "Listen, I got born again on a YouTube video, and I want to get water baptized.
I need to be water baptized.
" Go get water baptized at that church.
Go plug yourself in there.
If they got church on Wednesdays, if they got church on Sundays, if they got a small group, whatever you can do to learn about being a Christian, go in there, plug yourself in, volunteer, do whatever you've got to do.
Don't miss it.
Stir yourself up.
The devil comes after the weak ones, and he comes after the strong ones, but the strong ones know how to stand against him.
And that's what you'll learn at church, especially if it's a good church, how to stand against the devil.
Say, "Hey, you ain't robbing me no more.
I'm not going back into that.
" Now, if you stumble and you skin your knee tonight, and you go back into what you messed up, you say, "Brandon, I fell again.
I messed up.
Does Jesus still love me?
" You run to God when you sin.
You don't run from him.
Father, I messed up again.
I need you to help me.
He's there saying, "I knew it.
" When you confessed it, it is not when Jesus found out about it.
It's when you got rid of it.
It's when you got rid of it; it's washed in the blood.
The moment you confess your sins, he's faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness.
So, this is what you're going to do.
You're going to read your Bible, and you're going to pray with us, and you're going to pray by yourself.
You're going to pray and talk to him like he's real.
Don't be all religious.
Say, "Jesus, I love you.
I just want to know you more.
" It's not the thouest, doeth, hermeneutical, all this religious Pharisee crap that you may think it has to be.
It's just, "Jesus, I need a friend.
Be my friend today.
" When you get real with God, God will become real with you.
Don't be fake with God.
Don't try to hide things from him.
Just become real to him, and he'll become real to you.
So, I want you to read your Bible.
Start with Psalms, maybe Proverbs.
Go through there because they're easy reads, and just meditate on it, and think about what it's saying, and read all the red.
Read about Jesus.
Read Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John.
Read all that.
Find out about Jesus.
Well, you say, "Brandon, I can't afford a Bible.
I am going from paycheck to paycheck.
" Well, Diana and I are excited.
My wife's name is Diana, by the way.
She's doing some stuff.
So, I want you to email us in the description down below and say, "I just got born again watching you.
" And we want to celebrate your salvation and your decision tonight by giving you your first free Bible.
And Diana and I, we won't solicit you.
We won't give your email out to anybody else.
We don't want to bother you.
We just want to congratulate you on your decision of giving your heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
And we will give you a Bible for free.
Diana and I would love to give you a Bible for free, just to celebrate your decision tonight.
So if you would like your free Bible, the stipulation is that you gave your heart to Jesus on our channel, not for your cousin's cousin's cousin that you wanted to get saved or whatever.
No, if they got saved at our ministry and they got saved on this channel, we just want to celebrate your decision tonight.
So you email us, and we'll give you that Bible for free.
So, I'm excited for tonight.
I don't know how many people gave their heart, if any at all, but even if it was just one, we're excited.
So, praise the Lord.
Did this video bless you all tonight?
We pray it did.
I know there's a lot of people that are curious about our channel, and they are curious about what God is doing here.
So, we had 50 salvations.
Praise the Lord.
That's awesome.
50 people got born again tonight.
And it's late, too.
I don't want to ask you for anything other than this.
Listen, if you could subscribe.
You know, it's what helps us get the gospel out.
We're not here begging y'all for nothing.
We're begging for a subscription.
Subscribe, click the notification bell, and comment something nice down below when you watch our videos.
It really helps us.
We're growing.
We're believing for a million men and women, prayer warriors, like you saw here tonight.
We're praying, and we believe the power of prayer changes things.
That's the name of our ministry: Prayer Changes Things Foundation.
Prayer Changes Things, because we believe it.
And so, as you come here and you pray with us, we're believing God for your lives to change, too.
That you're going from glory to glory to glory.
Every single time you watch one of these videos with us, you're going from glory to glory to glory.
And I believe it even whenever you're not watching these videos.
I just want to thank everybody who has supported us over these last two and a half years.
So, we're growing.
We're getting there.
One soul at a time.
50 tonight.
500 yesterday.
Was it 500 yesterday?
Yeah.
100 something.
I don't want to have evangelist numbers.
You got to be real.
50 and 100, so that's 150 in two days.
You don't want to say, "The fish was this big.
It was this big.
We had thousands.
" No.
Was it?
It was 50.
"Brandon, come on.
We had over 500.
" "No, Dad.
It was 100.
" Okay.
Well, I believe for 500.
You got to believe.
Maybe we'll start the broadcast earlier.
But usually, it's live everywhere all the time.
You know, we're reaching the world.
A lot of you probably are from some place maybe not in America, but we're reaching the live broadcast in Europe or wherever right now.
I don't know.
I don't know what time it is anywhere.
And after the live's over, they still watch it over again.
Yeah, they watch it over.
There's a lot of people that watch all the time.
It's amazing, y'all.
It really, truly is.
But I think tonight's prayer was good.
Boy, I can feel the anointing when that was pushing.
We were praying for Israel.
We were praying for the nations.
And I'm telling you all, major, major stuff's about to happen.
I am wowed at what I was feeling and seeing tonight.
The acceleration, I could feel it in the spirit, is like pushing like an icebreaker through that ice.
My goodness, we made some headway in there through all the people that were here.
Thank you.
God bless you all.
Thank you for sticking around and praying with me.
So, do they have any questions?
I think we're good.
All hearts clear.
You saw Seattle.
You're talking about Seattle.
Yeah, I'm very concerned about Seattle for what I just saw.
I saw a major earthquake.
I'm talking a major earthquake.
I saw a shaking coming to Seattle and British Columbia.
That is something of biblical proportions.
I saw the volcano out in the ocean explode.
And I saw dead fish everywhere.
There were so many dead fish.
It was literal.
It took hazmat crews cleaning up.
It stunk.
I could see them with suits on cleaning up all the dead fish off of the seashores in California and everything.
But it wasn't just a little bit.
I'm talking mass, hundreds of thousands of fish dying.
I don't know if you could eat those or not.
I don't think you would want to.
It's probably putrid because anything that stinks is rotten.
But it was all kinds of fish, though.
Fresh fish from the deep water.
Fish that we never see are about to come up.
But I saw the volcano had fire in it, and it was glowing, and it was boiling and bubbling the water, and when it exploded, I'm talking about a major eruption.
But I saw as the labor pains started to come upon the earth, I saw things that we've never dreamed we would see.
And you say, 'Well, what does that mean?
' I'm talking weirdness with the birds.
I've told you, weirdness with the volcanic ash and the things in the air—air quality, trees, I'm talking weirdness going on, animals acting weird, weather events acting strange.
I was seeing all this as it was coming, and it was happening so quickly in the visions.
I can see people acting weird.
Now, I am not—I'm just telling you, I'm not a real educated man, but there's something about what I was seeing with the earth and the magnetic pole, people's minds acting strange.
Now, I don't understand what I was seeing, but people's behavior acting more aggressive, cranky.
Like, what I was seeing was people are not acting happy, they act agitated.
And I'm not going to get into all—it sounds New Agey and weird—but I'm trying to—it's like the earth and the magnetic, and how we respond to this planet as humans as these shiftings with the sun and with things start to shift.
As these labor pains start to happen, and the volcanoes and the eruptions and all the earthquakes and things start happening, humans will start acting different.
I don't know how else to describe it to you, and I do the best I can.
And that wasn't everywhere.
That was certain places.
And I saw that volcanic fault line go clear up into Anchorage, shaking the land and even clear up into Anchorage, all that area.
Can't tell that.
But this is not just a normal earthquake.
This is a massive event, what I saw again tonight.
And then I saw persecution coming on the church in Canada with freedom of speech.
What you're able to say behind church and just publicly and silencing you from having any kind of even posting stuff on social media.
And I saw the church as a whole going through an olive press.
And I don't know why an olive press, but that's what I saw.
I saw olives being pressed.
And when they were pressed, oil came out.
And I could see oil that was just about this pure coming out of a refiner's fire, pushing, pulling, like a squeeze, but I could see the oil dripping, and I could see the glorious church rising, and I knew that seemed like it was persecution, but it wasn't just America.
It was Australia.
It was Canada.
It was all around.
But it was the glorious church coming up saying we are going—it was a beauty.
It was beautiful.
It looked beautiful: the church's best days, a purified church, a glorious church, a revival.
And that's why I'm saying a call to revival, a call to repentance, a call of the church.
Judgment begins in the house of the Lord first, waking up and being that church.
So, but we'll be back again tomorrow.
Tomorrow is a very important day.
We pray together.
Tomorrow is the 23rd.
I don't know what I have.
I dumped everything out tonight.
I have to ask for a fresh word.
'God, give me something new.
I'm empty.
' I dumped all my—I dumped everything out that He gave me today to give you all at the beginning.
I let her rip.
Let her rip, tater chip.
Let her rip.
Let her fly.
So we did.
We let her rip, tater chip.
Let her fly.
Let them have it.
So we pray it blessed you.
We do.
We love every single one of you.
We pray for you all the time.
We truly do.
You all have changed our lives.
You've been so kind to us.
You come here and watch our videos, and you support us.
And there's a lot of good people here.
I've met a lot of good people, and we are so grateful for every single one of you.
Diana sends her love.
She's still overcoming a little bit, but she's getting better.
Yep, she does.
And so we love you all.
God bless you, and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Tomorrow, I'll try to come on earlier tomorrow.
This is way too late for some of you.
It's past your bedtime.
I want you to come—I'll try to come on earlier tomorrow because tomorrow is a celebration of the Feast of Trumpets.
Isn't that wonderful?
I love this time of year.
This is my favorite time of year.
Isn't this such a fun time?
And so, we'll come on and pray again tomorrow as a family.
I feel led to.
And so, this is a very important week.
After tomorrow is when I started to see the fires.
Remember, I saw the fires on the calendar.
Now, I don't know what that is, but I saw fires all on the 24th, 25th, 26th, 27th, and the calendar started to burn, and I was like, 'What is that?
' So, we'll pray more about that maybe tomorrow.
Okay.
Well, God bless you all.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again.
Bye-bye.